mvAqk6Q9ABF91TaAKsDhauym1MNuaj6ZzL # Private key: cUYQ4bvyzUy2gAzSf79hUPqEasuziKYzSpRaifAXM2zb5Y6X5gQD
mzKEf2fzK5WYTUM3ZffQQKtGXbuBSyQbXL # Private key: cUNsqZjzywvZPLcUvso8d1FixiJZc7aX1iLfEB9BHqVxRGdz7tuz
mo5Nvd6GJHN696NJ1NmXj4b6RHoig1NEV9 # Private key: cMppJ2yBU918qiwYo9aEhgqKiDK45TLSoEid8s7XBdajE8ZrZwmS
mh6KV4wKbm5pmG6Y6LTT1A9DeXziUafsP4 # Private key: cVGvDcvdm6gmRDqR5BQwbhdcj6eNMLJNkjwaKEq3YNkj9sv5Q3Lr
mgX7cXxob5DNAJgu1UrpAgLGfa4FnfSCVj # Private key: cTGFEfAbu7Q8fr7hvkWWzRxPANWT76quFCazris5V7ojkQggUCTp
mgriF5mgsuyvnh3f9QNwFHR9qDwgYfEjZP # Private key: cNuUkW32HkYqenNV5FV51PRKejCPYK3PZ2YpkqndaMDvJEpwTZ2G
n3wKyoCcpcE4x8oo3hvJU1drgi7QTVEcrf # Private key: cW8Nt4N7QcK1K1g6igrYRR4QBzagujFSNJ7dDcMpUkGWEyaGTJL8
myJwCi7nBLv5wUyXz3ZFq15hnGVtHa7tun # Private key: cU8wXQWXbAbfrhGSM6raX2wWhxisHC5oiwWQyzr2mRdKvzdKQ643
n1j2L3tncm8Prc3oQmtgKKjERUEr1x3uDK # Private key: cR97VSALAiZPLL9GwcQajP45crGajfxrcPyucZgnrvPZD4Zfu5UP
mhuwHPSWKBaHSaWMjuU7m5TbzG3j75amTw # Private key: cTKf8NYhWksuWsHmNxfcHUN2TCkv6YNkk8ekpAGyqhLvtuV6Kfmc
mtp2CyLf7kBfBjEfBjnsdt3x6kv7CWkWTe # Private key: cQD2PkGkjrCGywyMU5331xxvHbNWgcvByK4X8gU1bST5dMfGzpaB
mmQxpEVVp7bBXfkF2dVkGCWxaX5dxt2vR5 # Private key: cRMyr2RHhbF1FKARiwoDWBh8pQLC2KrRRRSLztLioT97XU1cegYA
mgDHQbZHUU2YCx3wpF6gjvND7UPSmYUEgc # Private key: cVB7cPJiWUCP72J39EZjJ6k1T4FSH5u8LrMKfk5YqyrbxiZwChcb
mfmXw6tnWuMPPAPEqFeakodw3nwJoyYw71 # Private key: cN9JnwhNDiTY1f3UaY5F7jeiEfnv3tWCVBp6GfZq43HnT2NH5R7e
mhuP1zXXsBb5AbGgX5H4veTYM8RgkpshJv # Private key: cVXzDVfw4mW3tVWepek35ENXNnp1X6NiNgnm2pJpvQA3tPY3pwiL
mnRyuThfF2YF4kbtVXWFXgX9knhfFQzBoB # Private key: cQBVDLHgSyxbvxWApQXHDTaLwApsNx4NLCofWGjSrFCPq96Qyfec
mmfspxuCpe5getSthHFrorK4YJE9MoxHFE # Private key: cVwrj2tnSLLaMvF2r5UPtq53DnXkhPmZhjUn8yXZX3WyNv9Z3Z5p
n4CkrFFcYSRtazYSw1MYJ1dYUQSN2jpe3P # Private key: cSNJbVb2LdspWQVWB6H1VpMwHLDv7DzWx7bfb9uQPAWnXD712tCH
mphs8iML38DhsbB1qx4D8kxLgQvjYubKvc # Private key: cQSzmvtszC8hratBG1Wdyv2QUd9xXPALEkpqU7g7xu66YAcr1QQD
mindpMbbrNEE6Ap15G7PSAQaJsaFsydvEt # Private key: cVXHFRAw8qEYvxzU4trU8tWWqVo93E2T287mJou6nUhbHBB1C28k
mkUh7tjREvdL9zK9SeLs4mVhhTLcffk82k # Private key: cW3otbFXUy7dCwGsA1wsM2yTnJsEo4djXDFXiVab6Tk2Zv4dxfMX
msfDHvn2L5TSqFZYCq3EerxzHtbFZ4cBpE # Private key: cSRMwRnrtXjee1SewUNuwD468WfP8kUvj8iruerRpnBQNzoynS4f
miMWN96feXFA4a4fktA68xscZPeXBqvHsc # Private key: cR8ZQpFF9yq2BXRCN7xxL3EYYsGczS51tpRBkvFNjRdPe3d1jWuk
mvrMeLhELTCaXkmo7r8XccEMGa6ppKqiUb # Private key: cU1farVJJ56mYv8RJzVuwqFuFPwPwKSMtpstaujBYrBDWNisJ62u
mu3fpDNWjCTMaAGtnoJVKpwbZtoRkasphJ # Private key: cScYkvYV8m9Xbr8nYpb6F4n6D15HLzVTR9ZUeKazk9oW4NoJpism
ms6W9vmqT5NDw6vdmT31yLEo7TwCm3cgVh # Private key: cNzX2wv65SxE5c1VeRc7FYAxXY6qnwgsyv3fcMZvwiGkdhKeDNTX
mxJC8oiLbsSRhmSCgcBWpahC2eyZU1W7qs # Private key: cSf99ZpsiQNP2WMm5zo6WefBnRX1V1Kxaguco3jsdx3U1kzLgqXi
mpniFaj9a8L6332TpjoWArcso5cTRFgJHd # Private key: cN3LdHXGZy2ANNP221Tbm7uoG7AGBgvz6doPuERVsg6W5DwxZZ6p
mydYEwnf6s2BRWLVA7dYPmVLvK2PcdTkDt # Private key: cScdbYMYAD8zYFfX9VxVbmkg61oDV64vUTxAL9zvSGLpRwduVWmC
mhZtewGZTJw2ewWHufFa7ZCkrz4jeWVmD9 # Private key: cQQNxD6CZ8CrinW4Eq3wrXuCuX6Ccaws6LTDD1c64YXYngyyp86f
mqVPvnrkCvSkKnR3KPeVk3LcnWf6rvRAPe # Private key: cMyyArq6kzXBb4L9jKWLkANqfaMmchjobyMGdYANdu935Hv7RBMu
mvfi4LZxMDdPzT9PnDuxyKsK63a1ybSZUf # Private key: cRyYu5mHXrDzGqQpbeW2ksTPJcwdodqJyej3KsqxFvFQhsqCQTHx
muzoQBrL1T4tyCALtsapWJY76ertjZhuow # Private key: cVMinxvyGjv943184JcNbY1zzjkuTScLYfm6k4QG2f4wVeArN4HT
mjucNa4ZS5QD5TD8WzZv7CHze3wLLneK84 # Private key: cTMdGYJ8Wm8f8cfhAxSERecTt8wj4KcNvqk88G9uihmufyZaiVRR
mg4oSdwnD2MNJ4JW5a2qYWrk7FHQUypHJf # Private key: cV1YnJrcM8gUg2g81HMgbZXCLdPUBSyWK3ZQXpsmNpiZo5DeJLT5
mqkMYkskQ7DiFf57FmfvWJoiSNUG5uBfUJ # Private key: cURgVN4gUfBHVd9eFsnqWyqRWJrQep6SRg8AsBjv9F8mUUgNLNQL
mgMs2dY1Tx1wYJTEsUhJwja9n8xcyoNUbv # Private key: cTLxyQq95fPWV7q3NpAg25nCcuo9acmg25PK9Cc6WDHcfbqrj9mU
mv4m5GWongwdX43sjN9HTQwcpuPq9gfmKM # Private key: cQVCzmtp9qF4aQChoJkjrsVZn1bM4NgPezQeQLP1PQ3FQt8JxjW8
mqwyDHhvDb3nNWYdRrT7JJxK3uf2ciMWyy # Private key: cT6TKiBpwWC191damceRu31NjyqA9KhVUSBEPZtjRkN6ntDbCqoK
mtfxpRruFQxC958vScDrW34WnAao7g45Nc # Private key: cNefKgDW18N3aeondGVaRMEjfEyZvzejFAD7KCnthECMtSeNtZb9
mj84VsKaDCf1bXJkSVLNoM68mMPzg59dQW # Private key: cRXzXq3on3gKmZgGcftbj7JZeGSfpjR38abdgKBi1hyiucsKaXVs
mhUhvRLRmbFvsBsA2Eo7r2wa779YoxRFbj # Private key: cQyUrfhCiU8rp1mcv4eQfAdTwZVXvj7N21kZEX52TcELS5FDAL2p
mzdykDkMfSdeidP7acpUbhcVfFtVTMg5DB # Private key: cSLtUJZYZ5aPCNNvTTuXBPy94Mr49iBgzfXqiRcZb6BPTJycMM1g
n1gS6tDmcMuWoTeCbRFdQzfAhKYjaxnTHj # Private key: cP3z7fvNG3yoeiYpBeoqDWa1qzYHsDPZ2eDRjLzMf7wcFGDNtu1P
mmYxH7a3qtrQyhCyK1nBqctSLgiSyfd9vt # Private key: cT14ZwS1Zsfz19CBAxPKk4dfNM1shtC2jHcepUTYcj3qRqeoNbsD
mizWLQTrBcAhp8fmYp9qwepLWEx7MfRLyv # Private key: cNCf7DECtWD7ysj4kqARUobvqjE1FBvzN8Hfq3bgoHjvPyVVEr93
mzwp37KxEDfKZfQm6LxRS7nkxrZAcgUrqS # Private key: cPBSQabsG33RS9AL8j6VAgF7veYtUVbySFKXen3qoh7bbpsYVEEs
mt7zphoNE3U1NsQEcN1miwpCVqrppDEoib # Private key: cPM7st6TpGFKxJkb7xmvMjuv2HYpLs8FbDeGW7KtswpM1RK4FF5k
mg9WCFUUB7uVTEzJVfD3fi3kUnzZdUFMqU # Private key: cS9cxEjPkjYAhEBrYcmxRiVJQYFJ2sDc6s2JYrYwrkmi1LYeY15D
mxqG7ioQGjowKoTUKy7ndoH2RKU8cv8JYt # Private key: cURaQQjK8ZDjhEmYKpRy2jani6cjCd2JtUynDehKd1btnXG1znTE
mrkoa8hEXKfWiWmYgJAzStQCUjxgUvhQQW # Private key: cVcJpgFFXcM99xq6BWxWozsg5vz7fm1GgcXvoYuwCybArrMQxsHk
mh4hFG8Bt6iWkiZP8mBmZxCNSKd4AZLJDE # Private key: cQYGrYDG1GRxyNtdK54rDquf2YojLwTr67Pxa9AreUYq6v5cAMxt
mkcEyefPiV2LXmiAsJxtnCw4ZEhLWsnwN1 # Private key: cRJMKmRwaJn6z4EPqamFgqWoWLp6rcgsyB8xKNe1juAsLi3zsE91
mwEPbNRxsaNfgQmPHYcfU9CHo2Ux5QRc1x # Private key: cS8LE8NkY4FCcDUKgX2frNApVaqKP3KJJpLnioAANkYWb4NR9LLe
mr9JzWDH6s7cJuAdZHhoKrH9aWo5dmYLW3 # Private key: cUkvh4sDUXHrXmfmZYY2oUJmfPc1rRhF8Btb9tfWt3FT47KxBokY
mh3ReeQk5XhF6cpw2TexQVZbtND1mFBU5Q # Private key: cPwq3wr1x2mQD5NzkTXkhNVz6SkMdxss3AiVy3NWiC3u7isbpnav
mvbRLcu2xX31pGPbfL8yV6t4JNUf4sQHgc # Private key: cVhhRkAGHFpvH2yxLjtzeJpGEp7tB8SmXiYxV7MazAp8zKi7xsj1
mmnwg2spU3DQVhVuBpTCsKd2jC4tAFk2xg # Private key: cSE4c2zoa8XCTXjLDcrRWWPEHehM6qoS5v5647jiVkQboyCqKdtn
mtiReGFHm1i6LpUZ54eQAY1jojGPBuQBwP # Private key: cTcBgsx9g4oVZSKTgsmCT4TmCKz5Y2Kat4LDnrGxLkxWju67L6Ws
mtHtim5hxsCPq6vkytVtFJzYiTYRDFVXwT # Private key: cNd2yuK5T246doYKwdtCTbnAqdZg4sx69vKgcBZ4gNWdZYg6GERM
mq6dunoC4sPPJnBgoUyZEz3ihHNe5wGmkq # Private key: cPDCDc9bp88jitpZNA3Va7geEqatmRbDsAa86DQNPwB9woVHjuVA
mnPb788WQyQRK8Qp83URpS2bD2noVGJEQz # Private key: cMtkabnJKiN7T4ma1Moq4mxdGaBKKB5wiJ8JsMfgE5VUsntGwFKW
mrZcAGQdffwtuBkjUSyzK7wzqMfrgrF4BC # Private key: cSHDivWZwoa3jiQDFBF5EWwfYXtpsQVfJtNEaKLeRRi3z16rQjWJ
mo9hxMnMQUcqAEXTqovMeEdJ4wmvswkH6t
miVEdh1sWTM2TQr24hHhjW1Q77QQQHUAGH # Inevitably someone is gonna think themselves a smarty pants and sweep all the above addresses,
mzVR6YdZRUhaB872BH5SR8rPXsYtCrRqRV # thus possibly forcing the above addresses to fail HPoW Rule 2. This means the testnet network
mwFFHvixYABGVQ6G2csVqwzfMYd6VQcvWe # could run the risk of getting stuck, since it's not widely supported with lots of installs.
myKe9zSDqLWGJZufjXEfjBuWo61Ks4Lg3v # Here are some addresses with privkey keys destroyed. The coins the following addresses receive
mxV4B4niYHmkxBBmawtHBnUQyHJG11g9Gk # therefor get burned as they become unspendable UTXO, but their existence supports HPoW on testnet.
mmQ7HjBLideqDKP5fqpY2oiRPC2pBYjnxt
myCqSH8dfZ9EXBQPZgHnK9VF43nvpWkcyw # All testnet coin public addresses start with am M or a N. Mainnet coins, the one's that
mxqyFrJ6DYQ5CPjptdX9jXLMP4npa6SyCx # are publicly traded and used always start with a K. If you would like to take coins from any
mnYqYpN6gKMzhG2rrfFp6UYZZzazujc6Bu # of these addresses, be sure to send at least 1 coin back the original address so it will
mnenfD8DYmHwxaQ2mnZQR2XfcP8YzfTfM2 # still meet HPoW Rule 2 with it's minimum balance requirement.
mpMyprNfY5Kz9E175bnQN85B1pMq3ATroc
mvxVyK2LJ41Cv4vm8yHZ8Xw534oRGaiH2Z
mstUwkrcdTAChLymymgFB4h4ibyBTkKMWD
mtN9c9TeazxLw5uPSR6mW6zwABPbmaEHpL
mxMAArTr3hHYfbV2YUoxFdVTkMTNoUadWF
miuWJcdonyEryZUmuFHKrpnsEhc8VTvstS
mmbtJrLVv76EvJ8hQiMMoeLD3r1USf2vWN
mrFXqummwGAi7w6saCEGixr3v1RSbzSgrj
msNfqB4G4r9iV4jBQZmaQBbkbPcVELBdTs
mmhAk3VqPJqrsv1utCZGWKNnXWE52pgAxt
mxfdwQjFsBmTFC2RP5CeqQLNfP3rA9R7Cj